Plan for the documentation of the package.

General goals:
1) Readability (it should not be very hard to read)
2) It should not be necessary to understand the structure of the manual to understand the concepts.
3) Navigation to related topics should be very easy and intuitive.
4) The manual should be strongly modular.
5) The manual should give good terminal support (if called with ??)

For concreteness we employ several test-users as benchmarks:
Technician: Wants to know how to apply an obscure function in full generality.
Worker: Wants to use an elementary method but forgot the exact procedure. Wants an answer shortly.
Searcher: Doesn't know the package, searches for a functionality and wants to know if the package can provide it.
Perfectionist: Wants to understand the package and its functionality completely.
Casual: Wants to get a general perspective but doesn't want to invest too much time.

TODO: General problem: If someone goes into a chapter that is confusing/technical/complicated, they MIGHT skip it or go back.
    But they also might be frustrated and leave. How can we make it clear that they don't have to get frustrated?


--------------
About the chapter ordering:
    
    After the intro we start with "filters" to explain the general structure of this package (mainly to demonstrate PolygonalComplex and its relation to more specific filters).
        Pro: People know what this is all about
        Con: People might not skip and be bored by many different concepts
    
    Then we have "Incidence", the access to the incidence geometry. This is a central chapter. It is after the "filters"-chapter since it is defined for the most general case (polygonal complexes) which the reader might feel confused about if they are not properly introduced.
        Con: One can argue that the incidence geometry by itself motivates the definition of polygonal complex.. Then it should be first. (Although our definition of polygonal complex is more specific than the most general incidence geometry)
        Rebuttal (Pro): The above argument is not completely correct. While it is true that "incidence" feels less technical than "filters" this does not hold if one considers the chapter length - while "incidence" spends a lot of time developing and explaining different ways to present the same information (which is mostly uninteresting), "filters" does focus on a lot of terms but it also develops them with specific examples in play. If it were the case that "incidence" was just a few pages long it could be in front of "filters" to make the focus more clear. As it is it would detract from the main point of the package - the surfaces and complexes.
        Rebuttal (Pro): If we also consider when a linear reader will start skipping it should be clear that the first such point should be after an explanation of the basic package architecture. To show "incidence" first risks that the skipping point is before "filters" which would be a bad development. It would be more plausible to have "filters" first in this case as the information from "incidence" can also be gleamed by a casual reading.

    Then we have "Constructors", a technical chapter about different constructors. Since these differ for different filters, this HAS to be after the "filter"-chapter. Since they also heavily rely on the incidence structure it has to be after the "incidence"-chapter as well. This is therefore the earlies possible position.
        Pro: Having this early means that people can define their surfaces.
        Con: It is quite technical and therefore hinders reading flow.

    Finally we have "Properties" which is a catch-all for all things that are too small to get their own chapter
        -> Elementary properties (Euler Char. etc.)
        -> Connectivity
        -> Orientability
    This has to be after the "incidence"-chapter as most of its calculations and explanations rely on the incidence structure. Furthermore it does not demand a huge amount of attention (it is a conglomeration of random functions) and might not be hindered much by a reduced reading flow after the "constructors"-chapter.

    After this more specialised chapters (like modifcations and embeddings) follow (hopefully).
    They should be behind the others as they are not really needed to work with the core processes.

-------------
Chapter "Access to the incidence geometry"

Chapter "Basic access to the incidence structure" <all methods are exemplified with the standard example (a square that shares an edge with a triangle)>
In polygonal complexes (the most general supported incidence structure, compare ...) all vertices, edges and faces are labelled and we can access the set of all these labels by Vertices, Edges, Faces.
    <put those methods here>
With this labels we can describe the incidence structure as lists of sets. All methods have the form *Of*, like VerticesOfEdges or EdgesOfFaces.
    <put those methods here, with repeated description of their functionality>
    [It is not optimal to repeat the description every time, but if someone jumps to a specific one it is easier this way (especially since the description is not very long in this case)]
    [mention in some methods that there are alternative methods for ordered access]


Chapter "Ordered access to the incidence structure"
In most cases, the basic access functions <link> like VerticesOfFaces are sufficient. But sometimes one might need more detailed information, for example
    -> For a given face f, you need the vertices (or edges) of the face in the order in which they appear on the face [TODO better description]
    -> For a given vertex, you might want to know the order of edges and faces around this vertex
Both of these options are supported [footnote: if you want to know the order of faces around an edge, then this impossible to know purely from the incidence geometry. This is an additional structure "fan" that is added in <link>].

Subsection "Cyclic ordering within a face"
For the cyclic ordering of vertices (or edges) in a face there are two possible representations: As permutations or as lists [explain lists]
    <put those methods here>

Subsection "Cyclic ordering around a vertex"
The ordering of edges and faces around a vertex is much more complicated since it might not even exist.
    <Example>
Nevertheless it is well-defined on the umbrellas around a vertex.   <TODO: How to easily recall the definition? Finish explanation.>
Therefore we can only return a list of those paths for each vertex.
    <put those methods here>

----------------

Chapter "Elementary properties" [Bad name]
    TODO: EulerCharacteristic, VertexCounter etc.


Chapter "Connectivity"
    TODO this is a small chapter -> Put somewhere else?

Chapter "Orientation"
    TODO this is a small chapter -> Put somewhere else?


------------------

Section "Constructors"
    [Explain different kinds of constructors]
    - pre-defined constructors (like Platonic solids)
    - using incidence geometry
        - downward incidence
        - upward incidence
        - vertices in faces
    - giving properties [TODO, using the saved surfaces]
    [Explain for incidence geometry constructors that:
        - there are different types of constructors
        - there are NC-versions
        - there are automatically type-checked versions
        - there are alternative inputs]
    [Explain at start of each subsection what the constructor type of this section is used for.]
    [Structure of the incidence geometry constructors with example downwardIncidence:
        - list all versions for one filter (including NC), argument variations either via two lines or square brackets
        - use a different font (italic?) to show which tests will NOT be made by a NC-version
        - use bold font to make argument names easier to find in the explanation
        - add OPTIONAL in front of the arguments "vertices, edges, faces" that are collapsed into one bullet point
        - make an example
        - other filters (not polygonal complex) refer back to the primary one, like "Does the same as ..., but also guarantees that the result is a simplicial surface")
            - IMPORTANT: They should be visually similar and contain no hidden surprises like "you need to take special care for ..." to make their similarity apparent. This makes it easier to scroll over them to "take the gist".
            - Complementary the main sections should be visually distinguished to catch the floating interest again.
    TODO: can the font-encoding be done in console? Is it enough?
    TODO: This structure is very method-heavy (and repeats quite a lot), therefore very boring to read. Can this be changed?
        This might be reduced by using different examples in the different constructors (for the different situations).
        Focus should be on diversity of examples (with pictures so that scrolling through gives some information)

    DANGER: After this chapter the reader will be in a "glossing over"-mood. The next chapter should not start with many details to make the transition to close reading easier. At the same time it should not be too easy since it should not encourage the reader to skip everything else.


-------------


Chapter "Modification of surfaces"
    TODO

Chapter "Development methods"
    TODO with example of wild simplicial surfaces (before they are introduced?)

Chapter "Anomalies"
    TODO: this seems to be a very short chapter. Should it be added to another chapter?
    YES. This should be part of a chapter about embeddings since this is one of the primary motivations behind anomalies (they are local obstacles for an embedding). Furthermore: If they are not folded together, we can't achieve an embedding.
    ALTERNATIVELY we could explain them as "features" that our definition does not prevent but this does not explain why we dwell on them.
    PROBLEM: There is currently no chapter about embeddings (and also no methods to support them)


Chapters (wild):
    Introduction
    Constructors (?)
    Edge Colouring functions
    Group structure (?)
    Coverings


